fixes (#2045)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> * enhanced ***is_changed_command_name_or_arg*** to show all the changed commands names instead of only one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* enhanced ***validate*** command to list all command names affected by a backward compatibility break, instead of only one.
```
